src/Lussatite.FeatureManagement/README.md, before:

# Lussatite.FeatureManagement

A lightweight implementation of the Microsoft.FeatureManagement [IFeatureManager](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.featuremanagement.ifeaturemanager) interface.  The dependencies are a list of feature name strings and an ordered set of  [ISessionManager](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.featuremanagement.isessionmanager) instances.  When a feature flag value is requested, the `ISessionManager` instances will be polled in order until one returns a definitive answer (true/false).

- If the feature name was not registered via the constructor, the `LussatiteFeatureManager` instance will always return false.
- The order of `ISessionManagers` matters, each takes priority over later ones.
- The `ISessionManager` should return null if it does not have a definitive answer.  This allows layering.
- This `LussatiteFeatureManager` implementation will not write back to the `ISessionManager` instances via `SetAsync(string featureName, bool enabled)`.

## Target

- .NET Standard 2.0

## References

- [Project README file](https://github.com/tgharold/Lussatite.FeatureManagement/blob/main/README.md)
- [Source code](https://github.com/tgharold/Lussatite.FeatureManagement/)

Commit message:

Reorganize packages for v1.2
- The caching IFeatureManagerSnapshot implementation is now in the base 
package.  Because 99% of the time, you're going to use it over just using 
IFeatureManager.  This means the base package now takes a dependency 
on LazyCache.

- There are enough ISessionManager implementations to warrant putting the 
ones which are .NET Standard 2.0 compatible in a top-level package.  This 
will reduce some of the code duplication that was starting to occur in the
.Core and .Framework packages.

src/Lussatite.FeatureManagement/README.md, after:

# Lussatite.FeatureManagement

## Lussatite.FeatureManagement

A lightweight implementation of the Microsoft.FeatureManagement [IFeatureManager](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.featuremanagement.ifeaturemanager) interface.  The dependencies are a list of feature name strings and an ordered set of  [ISessionManager](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.featuremanagement.isessionmanager) instances.  When a feature flag value is requested, the `ISessionManager` instances will be polled in order until one returns a definitive answer (true/false).

- If the feature name was not registered via the constructor, the `LussatiteFeatureManager` instance will always return false.
- The order of `ISessionManagers` matters, each takes priority over later ones.
- The `ISessionManager` should return null if it does not have a definitive answer.  This allows layering.
- This `LussatiteFeatureManager` implementation will not write back to the `ISessionManager` instances via `SetAsync(string featureName, bool enabled)`.

## Lussatite.FeatureManagement.LazyCache

A lightweight implementation of the Microsoft.FeatureManagement [IFeatureManagerSnapshot](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.featuremanagement.ifeaturemanagersnapshot) interface.  It uses [LazyCache](https://github.com/alastairtree/LazyCache) to track the first read value.  When a feature flag value is requested, the `ISessionManager` instances will be polled in order until one returns a definitive answer (true/false).

Because this is a caching implementation, the first value read by the `LussatiteLazyCacheFeatureManager` instance will continue to be the value returned for the life of the instance.  Even if a new value is registered in one of the `ISessionManager` instances.

- If the feature name was not registered via the constructor, the `LussatiteLazyCacheFeatureManager` instance will always return false.
- The order of `ISessionManagers` matters, each takes priority over later ones.
- The `ISessionManager` should return null if it does not have a definitive answer.  This allows layering.
- This `LussatiteLazyCacheFeatureManager` implementation will not write back to the `ISessionManager` instances via `SetAsync(string featureName, bool enabled)`.

### CacheAllFeatureValuesAsync()

The non-standard `Task CacheAllFeatureValuesAsync()` method can be used after construction to poll all `ISessionManager` instances for values for each feature name registered within the `LussatiteLazyCacheFeatureManager` instance.  This sets the values of all known features at the time of the call.

## Target

- .NET Standard 2.0

## References

- [Project README file](https://github.com/tgharold/Lussatite.FeatureManagement/blob/main/README.md)
- [Source code](https://github.com/tgharold/Lussatite.FeatureManagement/)
